Author: Pradeep Singh
Date: 9/10/2017

Hello, My name is Pradeep Singh, and I was born in Mumbai, India. I was brought in
multiple cities as my father was in the transferable job. He served Indian Navy
as a Junior Commsided Officer for 22 long years. I completed my primary school
from Vishakapatnam, a coastal city on the eastern coast of India and then moved
to Mumbai to complete high school. During high school I was intersted in maths and
basketball.

It is here in Mumbai where I eventually got my Engineering degree, in Electronics
and Telecommunication at the University of Mumbai. During my undergraduate days,
I was fortunate to have met Prof. Amarjha, who guided me through cutting-edge
research in the field of Signal Processing & Image Processing. Working in her
group gave me considerable amout of experience in Matlab and Python. I worked
on a couple of projects with Prof. Amarjha which later helped me to get a summer
internship at a Research Institute, where I was involved in Hardware development
group.

I feel it was this internship which changed the trajectory of my life and got me
interested in Computational Science. I worked on developing Signal Processing
algorithms using OpenCL. I also worked on developing some scripts that were used
in testing of a digital reciever. I had a great time that summer.

Then, post undergraduation I worked in a company called HERE Maps as a GIS Analyst.
Now, I have moved to San Diego, US, to do a Masters degree in Computational Science
at San Diego State University. At San Diego State, I'm taking Comp 526 Computational
Math for Scientist in my first semester. What got me interested in Comp 526 is the
fact that, I'll be able to learn how to translate a mathematical problem into a
computer problem. I'm also looking forward to learning Perl and to get myself familiar
with Linux command environment.

At CSRC, SDSU, I'm working with Prof. Patrick Shoemaker in the domain of Computational
Neuroscience. My master's project would be on the lines of modeling & simulation of
neurons that facilitate predicting target location in insects.

---------------------------Begin Waves Program Output-------------------------------
A Theory of Waves
                                             [this line is blank]
Having no surface of its own, the pond,
Under the shifting grey contingency
Of morning mists, extends even beyond
The swamp beside it, until presently
The thinning air declares itself to be
No longer water, and the pond itself
Is still for a moment, and no longer air.
                                             [this line is blank]
Then waking bass glide from their sandy shelf,
And sets of concentric circles everywhere
Expand through some imaginary thing
Whose existence must be assumed, until they meet,
When incorporeal ripples, ring on ring,
Disturb a real surface, as if, with dripping feet,
Some dark hypothesis had made retreat.
                                            [this line is blank]
---------------------------End Waves Program Output----------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
